I hear you. I know what you sacrifice.
Even from across the celestial veil... I will be with you, brother.
It always starts with pain. We can only do this together, Aphelios.
Your life upon the altar, brother... I will not betray it.
With every step, two steps. With every breath, two breaths.
Order fights for light. Chaos fights for darkness. In the moon, we have found both: a way to survive.
We are meant to hate each other. But we will show them all, wicked and divine, that we are stronger together.
Will they still call you fiend when they die, looking in your eyes? Or will they see the savior I see, Aphelios?
You knew this would not be easy, the way forward written in scars.
You walk the path of darkness, but you do not walk it alone, brother.
Remember what you have learned, brother.
When your steps falter, brother, follow my voice.
Find your orbit, brother.
Do not look back, Aphelios.
You are the weapon the Lunari need.
By my word, you walk into the night.
You are not alone. Remember our promise.
I am your sister. I am listening.
I'm never further than a whisper echoing in silence.
Even when I close my eyes... I'll never look away.
I am with you... shining above.
Through your eyes, I see such wonders...
Beneath the mask of silence… I know your true face, brother.
Again and again, I see you reach… for me.
How can I help you when I put your life at risk?
From our fortress, I will guide you. I promise.
I beseech the moon to protect you.
I am right. This is what the moon tells me.
Walk where I cannot.
We must find each other before every first light.
We are in this together. Darkness and light.
As light reveals our path, so will darkness.
The brighter my light, the stronger your shadow.
Darkness is not heresy. It lies within us all.
We cannot let fear trap us in twilight.
Our destiny is hidden in the night.
The moon shines brightest in darkness.
The dawn will know the silence of the night.
Each of us, an offering.
All we ask is for a witness to our sorrow.
We walk through violence. Born of shadow. Born of light.
Even when the moon is new, it is there. A whisper to the shadows of your soul… I am with you.
It is as the moon revealed, Aphelios. As beautiful. As terrifying.
Our path is set between the last breaths taken by our enemies.
You will make death more than death, brother. You will make it holy.